Updated readme (#132)
ZupIT/horusec-docs: README.md

> You will find here **[Horusec's documentation](https://horusec.io/)**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will find here all about **[Horusec's documentation](https://horusec.io/)**.
```

Reviewer: I put this intro in the same pattern of Ritchie's docs repo

## **Table of contents**
1. [**About**](#About)
2. [**Getting Started**](#getting-started)
> #### i. [**Requirements**](#requirements)
> #### ii. [**Installation**](#installation)
> #### iii. [**Build**](#build)
3. [**How to contribute?**](#how-to-contribute)
4. [**Roadmap**](#roadmap)
5. [**Code of Conduct**](#code-of-conduct)
6. [**Community**](#community)

## **About**

> Horusec is an open-source tool that performs a static code analysis to identify security flaws during the development process. Currently, the languages for analysis are C#, Java, Kotlin, Python, Ruby, Golang, Terraform, Javascript, Typescript, Kubernetes, PHP, C, HTML, JSON, Dart, Elixir, Shell, Nginx. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Horusec is an open source tool that performs a static code analysis to identify security flaws during the development process. Currently, the languages for analysis are C#, Java, Kotlin, Python, Ruby, Golang, Terraform, Javascript, Typescript, Kubernetes, PHP, C, HTML, JSON, Dart, Elixir, Shell, Nginx. 
```

> The tool has options to search for key leaks and security flaws in all your project's files, as well as in Git history. Horus can be used by the developer through the CLI and by the DevSecOps team on CI /CD mats.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tool has options to search for key leaks and security flaws in all your project's files, as well as in Git history. Horusec can be used by the developer through the CLI and by the DevSecOps team on CI /CD mats.
```

- Now, check if the `Web Server is available at http://localhost:1313/docs/`.

### **Running the website locally**

> Once you've cloned this repo, from the `root` folder, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you've cloned this repo, from the `root` folder, run the command:
```

```
make build
```

## **How to contribute?**

> You can suggest a change, a fix, or improvements to our documentation, for example: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can suggest a change, a fix, or improvements to our documentation, such as: 
```
